Replace structs in inbox and outbox params (#1525)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs/dev_docs/contracts/portals/inbox.md

| Name           | Type    | Description |
| -------------- | ------- | ----------- |
| _recipientAddress | `bytes32` | The address of the recipient. This is the address of the Aztec contract on L2. This **MUST** match the Aztec contract that is attached to the contract making the call. If the recipient is not attached to the caller, the message cannot be consumed by it. |

> | _recipientVersion | `uint256` | The version of the recipient. This is the version of the rollup that the recipient lives on. |

Reviewer: `The version of the recipient.` reads wrongly. I would delete it and just keep the second statement `This is the version of the rollup that the recipient lives on.`

FWIW, I think using "Aztec" instead of "rollup" is easier to read and has lesser jargon

> | _recipientVersion | `uint256` | The version of the recipient. This is the version of the rollup that the recipient lives on. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| _recipientVersion | `uint256` | This is the version of Aztec that the recipient lives on. |
```

| `_senderChainId`     | `uint256` | The chain id of the L1 blockchain. |
| `_recipientAddress`     | `bytes32` | The aztec address of the recipient. |
| `_recipientVersion`     | `uint256` | The aztec version of the recipient. |
| `_content`        | `field` (~254 bits) | The content of the message. This is the data that will be passed to the recipient. The content is limited to be a single field for rollup purposes. If the content is small enough it can just be passed along, otherwise it should be hashed and the hash passed along (you can use our [`Hash`](https://github.com/AztecProtocol/aztec-packages/blob/master/l1-contracts/src/core/libraries/Hash.sol) utilities with `sha256ToField` functions)  |
| `_secretHash`    | `field` (~254 bits)  | A hash of a secret that is used when consuming the message on L2. Keep this preimage a secret to make the consumption private. To consume the message the caller must know the pre-image (the value that was hashed) - so make sure your app keeps track of the pre-images! Use the [`computeMessageSecretHash`](https://github.com/AztecProtocol/aztec-packages/blob/master/yarn-project/aztec.js/src/utils/secrets.ts) to compute it from a secret. |

> | `_deadline`       | `uint256` | The message consumption deadline. If the message have not been removed from the `Inbox` and included in a rollup block by this point, it can be *cancelled* by the portal (the portal must implement logic to cancel). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `_deadline`       | `uint256` | The message consumption deadline (in seconds). If the message have not been removed from the `Inbox` and included in a rollup block by this point, it can be *cancelled* by the portal (the portal must implement logic to cancel). |
```

```solidity
function computeEntryKey(
  address _senderAddress,
  uint256 _senderChainId,
  bytes32 _recipientAddress,
  uint256 _recipientVersion,
  bytes32 _content,
  bytes32 _secretHash,
  uint32 _deadline,
  uint64 _fee
) external pure returns (bytes32);
```

| Name           | Type        | Description |
| -------------- | -------     | ----------- |
| `_senderAddress`     | `address` | The address of the sender on L1. |
| `_senderChainId`     | `uint256` | The chain id of the L1 blockchain. |
| `_recipientAddress`     | `bytes32` | The aztec address of the recipient. |
| `_recipientVersion`     | `uint256` | The aztec version of the recipient. |

> | `_content`        | `field` (~254 bits) | The content of the message. This is the data that will be passed to the recipient. The content is limited to be a single field for rollup purposes. If the content is small enough it can just be passed along, otherwise it should be hashed and the hash passed along (you can use our [`Hash`](https://github.com/AztecProtocol/aztec-packages/blob/master/l1-contracts/src/core/libraries/Hash.sol) utilities with `sha256ToField` functions)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `_content`        | `field` (~254 bits) | The content of the message. This is the data that will be passed to the recipient. The content is limited to a single field of 254 bits for rollup purposes. If the content is small enough it can just be passed along, otherwise it should be hashed and the hash is passed along (you can use our [`Hash`](https://github.com/AztecProtocol/aztec-packages/blob/master/l1-contracts/src/core/libraries/Hash.sol) utilities with `sha256ToField` functions)  |
```

| `_secretHash`    | `field` (~254 bits)  | A hash of a secret that is used when consuming the message on L2. Keep this preimage a secret to make the consumption private. To consume the message the caller must know the pre-image (the value that was hashed) - so make sure your app keeps track of the pre-images! Use the [`computeMessageSecretHash`](https://github.com/AztecProtocol/aztec-packages/blob/master/yarn-project/aztec.js/src/utils/secrets.ts) to compute it from a secret. |

> | `_deadline`       | `uint256` | The message consumption deadline. If the message have not been removed from the `Inbox` and included in a rollup block by this point, it can be *cancelled* by the portal (the portal must implement logic to cancel). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `_deadline`       | `uint256` | The deadline to consume the message by. If the message has not been removed from the `Inbox` and included in a rollup block by this time, it can be *cancelled* by the portal (the portal must implement logic to cancel). |
```

> | `_fee`  | `uint64` | The fee to the sequencer for including the message. This is the amount of ETH that the sequencer will receive for including the message. Note that only values that can fit in `uint64` will be accepted. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `_fee`  | `uint64` | The fee paid to the sequencer for including the message. This is the amount of ETH that the sequencer will receive to include the message. Note that the fee must fit in `uint64`. |
```
